Doctors say your chances of regaining sight are less than 1 in 10,000.
I didn't expect you to recover
It's all thanks to you
You have to pay the price today
What if you could see it?
Hurry up and get up
I have sucked the magic power of the world
I slap it down
I'm afraid he'll never be deceived again in his life
magic
You really are a liar!
I want to use your walking around the streets to fool me
I see, are you afraid?
If you are afraid
He knelt down and begged me to sign the divorce agreement
Maybe our Mr. Zhao can spare your life
Brother Tiger, Brother Tiger
He he died
This kid is really good at magic
He's a genius
What magic skills do you know?
There must be some kind of deception
Would you like to try it?
Would you like to try it too?
God has eyes that let me absorb the divine art of the world
Today I will do the right thing for heaven
Bring you to justice
Zhao Gongzi's five had a heart attack just now
This kid doesn't know any magic skills at all